Improve Docker documentation (#8728)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-installation.md

On-premises installation requires the stand-alone {{ site.data.var.mcd-package }} available in the [Magento Cloud Docker GitHub repository](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker).

## Initialize the Magento project

{{ site.data.var.mcd-prod }} supports {{site.data.var.ee}} installation for both Cloud and on-premises projects. The initialization steps are different for each project type.

### Magento Commerce Cloud projects

{:.procedure}

1. Download a Magento application template from the [Magento Cloud repository][cloud-repo]. Be careful to select the branch that corresponds with the Magento version.

1. You can also run next command to clone the latest template:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud.git <install-directory-name>
   ```

1. Change to the new project directory.

1. Add your [Magento access credentials][magento-creds] to the `auth.json` file.

### Magento Commerce projects

When you initialize a {{site.data.var.ee}} project for Docker development, you must create a [.magento.docker.yml][unified configuration] configuration source file to create the Docker containers for the local environment.

> {:.procedure}

Reviewer: Needs text.

1. Create a project using [Composer]({{site.baseurl}}/guides/v2.4/install-gde/composer.html)

   ```bash
    composer create-project --repository-url=https://repo.magento.com/ magento/project-enterprise-edition <install-directory-name>
   ```

   This command installs the latest Magento release. To install a specific version, specify the version number, for example `magento/project-enterprise-edition=2.3.5`.

1. Change to the project directory.

1. Add the {{ site.data.var.ct }} and {{ site.data.var.mcd-prod }} packages.

   ```bash
   composer require --no-update --dev magento/ece-tools magento/magento-cloud-docker
   ```

> 1. Create a default configuration file.
> 
>    {{ site.data.var.mcd-prod }} requires a configuration source file to create the Docker containers for the local environment.

Reviewer: This is a repeat of the intro paragraph. You could eliminate if you enhance the step...

```suggestion
1. Create the default configuration source file that builds the Docker containers for the local environment.
```

           version: '10.3'
           image: 'mariadb'
       redis:
           version: '5.0'
           image: 'redis'
       elasticsearch:
           version: '7.5'
           image: 'elasticsearch'
   hooks:
       build: |
           set -e
           php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools run scenario/build/generate.xml
           php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools run scenario/build/transfer.xml
       deploy: 'php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools run scenario/deploy.xml'
       post_deploy: 'php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools run scenario/post-deploy.xml'
   mounts:
       var:
           path: 'var'
       app-etc:
           path: 'app/etc'
       pub-media:
           path: 'pub/media'
       pub-static:
           path: 'pub/static'
   ```

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   This default configuration file provides the minimum configuration for the Docker environment. For more detailed configuration information, see [Configure and manage your project and environment].

## Update the hosts file and install dependencies

Before you use {{site.data.var.mcd-prod}}, you must update the `etc/hosts` file and install required dependencies. You can do this manually, or using a Magento installation script.

{:.procedure}

> Update and install manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update and install manually:
```

> 1. To make Cloud Docker recognizable on the local machine, add the default `magento2.docker` host to the hosts file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To make Cloud Docker recognizable on the local machine, add the default `magento2.docker` host to the hosts file.
```

   ```bash
   echo "127.0.0.1 magento2.docker" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
   ```

> 1. Update Composer dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the project dependencies.
```

Author: Fixed locally.

   ```bash
   composer update
   ```

{:.procedure}

> Update and install using the Magento installation script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update and install using the Magento installation script:
```
